---
layout: post
title:  "New Blog content and learning articles!"
date:   2016-05-25 17:58:09 +0100
categories: old-blog
timeToRead: 5 minutes
---
As I mentioned in my last post, I’m looking at ways to change to content of this Blog to make things more valuable for other people while also providing me a way to document my progress.  After a little bit of thought I’ve decided to do some Project Build Logs.  Similar to what you might find on YouTube for Motorcycle/car modification I’m looking to provide a step by step progress on my current projects.  This will most likely include code, detailed explanations etc.  The main question is how do I separate this kind of content from learning articles?  The answer is that Learning articles need to change to be completely independent of project.   So for example, the learning article detailing how to update config files with Powershell scripts is independent/decoupled, but the ServiceStack with Quartz walkthrough would be a Project Build Log.

I like the idea of the Project Build Logs because if I write something down on this site and people actually have read it it keeps me accountable.  Too often I’ll get halfway through a personal project and just leave it and move onto something else.

Speaking of leaving it an moving on to something else I still haven’t finished my code review on Microsoft Web API.  On top of that, I haven’t done any work on CodeReviewer for the passed 2 weeks.  This is for a number of reasons, not least because I couldn’t get out of bed for a week because of “man-flu”.  I need to continue working on CodeReviewer because I’ve found the work I’ve done there to be very rewarding in terms of knowledge gained.  Also, I can see my work there fitting in quite nicely with these new Project Build Logs that I will be producing.

That’s it for this week.  I will be changing some things around on this site this week so there will be changes.  I might even change the “Blog” to “Project Build Logs” – you never know…

